Add FAQ topics for newcomers from other platforms (#17)
dunst-project/dunst-project.org: content/faq.md

For more info, see the discussion in [#363](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst/issues/363).

# Mouse operations

## Clicking on a notification with a message like "click here" does nothing

> Regular left click on dunst is assigned to the action "close the notification" by default. To invoke the default action for the notification, please try middle click or executing a command line `dunstctl action` via a custom keybaord shortcut instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular left click on dunst is assigned to the action "close the notification" by default. To invoke the default action for the notification, please try middle click or executing a command line `dunstctl action` via a custom keyboard shortcut instead.
```

For more info, see the discussion in [#363](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst/issues/363).

## Cannot open a context menu with the keyboard shortcut

There are some possible causes:

> * Unavailable keyboard shortcut. It is `ctrl+shift+period` by default, but possibly uneffective due to some reasons, e.g. unavailable keys on your keyboard layout or a conflicting shortcut with another application. Please try different shortcut via [the option `context` in the dunstrc](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst/blob/732227eff5df7afa3f44bc7f2cc661b22b4e3f0b/dunstrc#L312).

Reviewer: I want to avoid mentioning the keyboard shortcut functionality in the FAQ as it's [deprecated](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst/blob/master/dunstrc#L287-L290), we should point users to `dunstctl` instead.

Author: Thanks, I'm planning to replace this topic totally. Because I don't know how to pull the change https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst-project.org/pull/17/commits/b9785204b51eaf39ed9228f37c2ee5af74cedf23 I'll recreate this PR...

Reviewer: You can `git pull https://github.com/piroor/dunst-project.org/tree/add-faq-for-newcomers`

Author: Oh, I misunderstood that the commit is not related to my forked repository, sorry. Anyway I've already force-pushed the updated change.

* Unsatisfied runtime dependencies. Dunst's context menu depends on the [dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/).

# Mouse operations

## Clicking on a notification with a message like "click here" does nothing

> Regular left click on dusnt is assigned to the action "close the notificaiton" by default. To invoke the default action for the notification, please try middle click or using a [context menu](#cannot-open-a-context-menu-with-the-keyboard-shortcut) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular left click on dunst is assigned to the action "close the notification" by default. To invoke the default action for the notification, please try middle click or using a [context menu](#cannot-open-a-context-menu-with-the-keyboard-shortcut) instead.
```
Typos :)

Author: Oops, Thanks!
